Reflect changes in Tuya's IoT Platform names and structure (#19569)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tuya.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Consult the following table and enter your Tuya credentials.

> | Field | Description |

Reviewer: Please don't use tables for this (use `configuration_basic` blocks instead).

Additionally, this is information that should be showing in the dialogs. It is not common to add this to the integration description page.

Author: Deleted

| ------- | -------- |

> | Access ID and Access Secret| Go to your cloud project on [Tuya IoT Platform](https://iot.tuya.com/). Find the **Access ID** and **Access Secret** on the **Project Overview** tab.|

Reviewer: This is already described below?

| Mobile App | Must select the one you used to link devices on the Tuya IoT Platform. |
| Country Code | The country you select on logging in to Tuya Smart or Smart Life app.|
| Account | Tuya Smart or Smart Life app account. |
| Password | The password of your app account. |

<p class='note'>

> The app mentioned in the table must be the one you used to link devices on the Tuya IoT Platform.

Reviewer: Feel weird that this needs to be a separate note? Why not tell that directly when writing the description of the mobile app field?

> **1.** Log in to the [Tuya IoT Platform](https://iot.tuya.com/).

Reviewer 2: Add a note here that this portal requires a separate account from your app.

Author: Added

> **2.** In the left navigation bar, click **Cloud** > **Development**.
> <p class='note'>If this is your first time setting up a an account you will be asked to subscribe to a Cloud Development Plan. You can select the Trial Edition and "purchase" it (this is free). </p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**2.** In the left navigation bar, click **Cloud** > **Development**.

<p class='note'>
If this is your first time setting up an account you will be asked to subscribe to a Cloud Development Plan. You can select the Trial Edition.
 </p>
```

**3.** On the page that appears, click **Create Cloud Project**.

> **4.** In the **Create Project** dialog box, configure **Project Name**, **Description**, **Industry**, and **Data Center**. In the **Development Method** field, select **Smart Home** from the dropdown list. In the **Data Center** field, select all available zones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**4.** In the **Create Project** dialog box, configure **Project Name**, **Description**, **Industry**, and **Data Center**. In the **Development Method** field, select **Smart Home** from the dropdown list. In the **Data Center** field, select the zone you are located in.
```

![](/images/integrations/tuya/image_001.png)
	
**5.** Click **Create** to continue project configuration.

**6.** In **Configuration Wizard**, select **Device status notification** API.

> <p class='note'>**Smart Home PaaS** API has been selected as default.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

<p class='note'>

**Smart Home PaaS** API has been selected as default.

</p>
```

- **Scene**: Smart scene.
- **Switch**: Switch, socket, power strip, smart kettle, breaker, pet water feeder, air purifier, diffuser.

## Configuration of the Tuya IoT Platform

#### Prerequisites

You have created an account for [Tuya Smart or Smart Life app](https://developer.tuya.com/en/docs/iot/tuya-smart-app-smart-life-app-advantages?id=K989rqa49rluq#title-1-Download).

> You have created an account for the [Tuya IoT Platform](https://iot.tuya.com/).

Reviewer: That is what the above line already says?

Reviewer 2: The line above is for the app, this line is for the IoT platform, you need both (no the same account)

#### Create a project

<p class='note'>
If you haven't already signed up in Tuya IoT Platform, you will need to make an account first. You cannnot log in with your app's credentials here.
</p>

> 

Reviewer: This is now written twice above? Why a thrid time?

**1.** Log in to the [Tuya IoT Platform](https://iot.tuya.com/).

**2.** In the left navigation bar, click **Cloud** > **Development**.

> <p class='note'>

Reviewer: Does this have to be a note block? Or can we just make this part of the text?

Author: Nope it does not

If this is your first time setting up an account you will be asked to subscribe to a Cloud Development Plan. You can select the Trial Edition.
</p>

**3.** On the page that appears, click **Create Cloud Project**.

**4.** In the **Create Project** dialog box, configure **Project Name**, **Description**, **Industry**, and **Data Center**. In the **Development Method** field, select **Smart Home** from the dropdown list. In the **Data Center** field, select the zone you are located in.

![](/images/integrations/tuya/image_001.png)
	
**5.** Click **Create** to continue project configuration.

**6.** In **Configuration Wizard**, select **Device status notification** API.

<p class='note'>

> **Smart Home PaaS** API has been selected as default.

Reviewer: Does this have to be a big note block?

**1.** Navigate to the **Devices** tab.

**2.** Click **Link Tuya App Account** > **Add App Account**.

![](/images/integrations/tuya/image_004.png)

**3.** Scan the QR code that appears using the **Tuya Smart** app or **Smart Life** app.

![](/images/integrations/tuya/image_005.png)

**4.** Click **Confirm** on your **Tuya Smart** or **Smart Life** app.

**5.** Navigate to the **All Devices** tab. You can find the devices that have been added through your **Tuya Smart** or **Smart Life** account.

![](/images/integrations/tuya/image_006.png)

### Install the Tuya Home Assistant integration

#### Install the Tuya integration

> In **Configuration** > **Integrations** > **ADD INTEGRATION**, search for the keyword **Tuya** and select it for installation.

Reviewer 2: The entire "Install the Tuya Home Assistant integration" section should be removed, it's already documented at the top of the document

Author: What about the table with the description of the fields? Kill it or move it to the beginning?

Reviewer 2: Those are fine

Author: Ok moved credentials table up. Made no sense to be at the bottom after removing the integration steps. Rmoved a heading there and minor other changes.
